Add note explaining injected task has always tag (#1119)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_reuse_roles.rst

    then validation on those dependencies will run before the dependent role, even if argument validation fails
    for the dependent role.

.. note::

>     The inserted role argument validation task is tagged with the :ref:`always <special_tags>` tag,
>     so if the role is :ref:`statically imported <dynamic_vs_static>` then this task will run unless ``--skip-tags`` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ansible tags the inserted role argument validation task with :ref:`always <special_tags>`.
    If the role is :ref:`statically imported <dynamic_vs_static>` this task runs unless you use the ``--skip-tags`` flag.
```
